Update transfer-account.md (#6388)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Accounts/transfer-account.md

| Account plan| Steps | 
| ------ | ---------- | 

> | **Developer** |  You can transfer ownership by changing the email directly on your dbt Cloud profile page, which you can access using this URL when you replace `YOUR_ACCESS_URL` with the [appropriate Access URL](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses) for your region and plan: `https://YOUR_ACCESS_URL/settings/profile`. Before doing this, please ensure that you unlink your GitHub profile. The new account owner should not have previously signed up for a dbt Cloud account.|

Reviewer: It will help prevent confusion down the road if we're specific and direct. 
```suggestion
| **Developer** |  You can transfer ownership by changing the email directly on your dbt Cloud profile page, which you can access using this URL when you replace `YOUR_ACCESS_URL` with the [appropriate Access URL](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses) for your region and plan: `https://YOUR_ACCESS_URL/settings/profile`. Before doing this, please ensure that you unlink your GitHub profile. The email address of the new account owner cannot be associated with another dbt Cloud account.|
```
